Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
BRAZIL. PONTA PORÃ
WELCOME
SENAD SPECIAL AGENT
INSPIRED BY REAL EVENTS
I can't even listen to the match in peace.
How are you doing?
Come on. Lizard Face. please. untie him.
Untie him!
Look. Miranda. I'm sorry.
We've seen each other. how many times now?
Three. four times?
And it seems to me that you're
a gentleman. a righteous man.
I'm willing to make you an offer.
I already told you I know nothing.
I haven't even told you what I need.
I haven't asked you any questions yet.
Look. let's work it out this way.
I ask you something and you answer.
Okay?
Good.
What's the name of the man...
leaking information to the police?
There is someone.
but I don't know his name or...
who he's been talking to.
He reaches out to us once a week.
but I swear to God I don't know who he is.
That wasn't too hard. was it?
You can go home now. let's go.
It's not enough.
Let's see.
Let's talk about the future.
but not yours or mine.
Let's talk about her future.
We know your child needs treatment.
And a father would do anything to save
the life of his child. wouldn't he?
We know you have to take her away
if you want to save her. right. daddy?
To the States...
-or Cuba.
-Cuba.
I've sent people there
and they do have the best technology.
We also know you don't have a dime.
I'll pay for everything.
Here's the ticket fare.
This would be for housing.
And all of these are the treatment costs.
If money is the problem.
then it's already been solved.
Miranda. I know you're loyal
to your people.
and that goes a long way.
But I think
the most important thing in life
is family.
You've been given the chance
to save the life of your daughter.
All you have to do is give me a name.
And tomorrow. your daughter
will be on her way to Cuba.
The doctors are expecting her.
There's something I don't get. you know?
I'm supposed to be the drug trafficker.
the son of a bitch.
the killer.
And you're supposed to be the good guy.
but you're still not giving me a name.
Even if it means saving your child's life.
Tell us the name. damn it! Shit!
-Relax.
-Shit!
-Julio.
-Come again?
Julio Santana.
isn't that our man "Capote"?
He would talk about his mother.
who's a patient at the IPS-Geriatric.
He said he goes to visit her
once a week on Mondays.
but it's all a lie.
That's when he gets in touch with us.
They're going to double-check that now.
I'm so proud of you.
Well done. Miranda.
Well done. indeed.
Oh. good!
I love happy endings.
Now this man will go to his house.
pick up his daughter.
then straight to the airport.
Wait. you have to ask
for a special permission
to leave work.
Come on. give me a hug.
Go.
Actually. change of plans. motherfucker.
-Red. 2. 99. Alpha. in position.
-Copy that. in position. Proceed.
Come on. guys.
OPERATING DOCK
Shit. the media are here!
What are they doing?
Come on. quick! Let's go!
-Halt!
-Come on in. please. come on in.
Come on in.
-What's happening?
-We're waiting for you. please.
-What is this?
-Please.
What's going on?
No press!
Ortiz. what's going on?
I can't talk right now. please.
Please. leave.
Ortiz. I said no press. shit!
Vacate the premises!
Clear the area now. damn it! Come on!
We'll continue our broadcast
live nationwide.
of what is considered
the greatest operation
performed by SENAD agents this year.
amidst their ongoing war
on drug trafficking.
However. we're sadly used to informing
that they failed
and haven't found anything.
Once again. our agents endure
being mocked and ridiculed.
We've been here since 6 a.m.
I'm going to turn around.
because I am hearing a lot of yelling...
The SENAD agents are actually brawling.
apparently. due to their anger
and frustration.
We are going to try to talk
to the agents...
-later. but at this moment not...
-It's a shame.
Not again.
They're a bunch of morons.
...from the SENAD in this warehouse...
The whole country is laughing at them.
They entered and found
a table full of snacks.
Ibañez?
Holy shit!
Not even Ibañez is exempted.
Ibañez. they deceived you. boy!
We are going to stay here
for the rest of the day...
Shit.
Motherfucker!
NATIONAL ANTI-DRUG MINISTRY
MINISTER OF THE SENAD
Ibañez. that whole media stunt
was a low. low blow.
How is it possible for a piece of intel
to have been leaked like that?
To make matters even worse.
you were brawling.
You punched each other in public.
It's a shame. Ibañez!
You want to know
how the operation was leaked?
Let's see!
Once the operation was over.
I asked everyone to hand me
their cellphones.
It seems that everybody texted someone.
revealing they're going home for dinner.
Most of these numbers
are from burner phones.
Some of them texted directly to the press.
Everybody told someone else we were
going to execute this operation.
Minister. this can't go on like this.
and I'm not talking about me.
this isn't about my reputation.
They're all laughing at us. Minister.
Public service is like that. Ibañez.
Sometimes you win. sometimes you lose.
It's a bit like soccer. don't you get it?
Some days our team can't score at all.
and some others. they score from midfield.
Maybe this time the informants failed us.
but next time. we'll be successful.
I'm not talking about an informer.
I'm not talking about a single snitch.
I'm talking about all the force
being rotten to the core.
Why don't we summon the press next time?
So that we can prepare ourselves
to look good on camera.
BORDERING DEPARTMENT
PARAGUAY. BRAZIL
Take care of him José. okay?
He's your son. but he's my baby.
Angie. don't you worry.
We're just going to work.
It's his first trip with me and the boys.
If you have a problem with that.
then we should let him decide.
Seba.
your mom and I
had always wanted you to study.
Well. your mother a bit more than I.
but you. what do you want?
You want to stay at home?
Or you want to come with me?
Mom. you know I don't like studying.
Besides. what's better than going
to work with the old man?
-Watch out. those people are dangerous.
-Seba.
-this is for you.
-Are you out of your mind. José?
-Is that really necessary?
-You either have the balls to carry it.
or you better just shit in your pants.
Bye. take care.
Of course. I've got the balls. Dad.
Hear me out. my friend.
these guys already know
that we want more money.
What they don't know is that we're
going to ask for a slice of cake.
Understand? You know why?
Because that's
where the real money is. get it?
If they refuse.
no more airstrips for them.
Mendoza. why the hell
are we going this way?
Because of the police. Sir.
the farmers are closing the roads...
Police? Stop here. damn it!
Fuck!
What happened here?
It's the son.
What the hell happened. motherfucker?
We didn't know. boss.
And you. Turkish.
You. move your ass.
That's more like it.
May I help you?
Good morning. ma'am.
I'm looking for Colonel Fernandez.
Retired Colonel. you mean.
May I ask what this is about?
Who wants to speak with him?
My superiors want to have
a word with him. ma'am.
He's quite busy at the moment.
it has to be another day. boy.
-Who is it. Elvira?
-Nobody. honey.
Colonel. I am Lieutenant Basilio Aldana.
Aldana. are you related
to Lieutenant Apolonio Aldana?
He was my father. Colonel.
You don't say...
Your father was a great man.
and an even greater soldier.
Thank you. Colonel.
You are needed at the Armed Forces
headquarters. Colonel.
The headquarters? Well. let's go!
What? Why?
You can't go looking like that.
But it's an urgent matter!
Isn't it. Private?
Affirmative. sir.
See that. Elvira?
-Let's go.
-Yes. sir.
Oh my God. this man!
You told me we were going
to the headquarters.
Affirmative. Colonel.
If that's the case.
then why are we making a detour?
Aldana. do you hear me?
I have orders to take you there. Colonel.
Is the Air Conditioner working?
Open the window. it's hot in here.
Don't tease me. Private.
The only reason I won't shoot you
right now. is because of your father.
You're dealing with a Colonel here.
Answer the question.
where are you taking me?
We're already here. sir.
GOVERNMENT PALACE
Some of you might be thinking.
"A bad penny always turns up."
Just like I did. after many years.
Here I oversee the SENAD.
appointed by the President.
I am thankful
for my predecessor's collaboration
to leave me his place.
Let's see. all those who know who I am.
raise your hands.
Aren't you...
Special Agent Ibañez. at your disposal.
What's wrong with you?
Why didn't you raise your hand?
I didn't think it was needed. Minister.
Gentlemen. listen up.
My first command is.
when we break formation.
everyone present takes a day off.
Only guards on duty
shall remain in position.
Starting tomorrow. we open a new chapter.
I want all of you to be well-rested.
Good afternoon. At ease.
They told me you wanted to go take a leak.
What?
Go to the bathroom now.
wait until everyone is gone.
And then come to my office.
-Understood?
-Yes. sir.
Aldana. come with me.
I don't trust anyone. boy.
Some people are
either corrupt or incompetent.
some people are both.
That last operation
was shameful.
Quite embarrassing.
I was in charge of that operation.
and I take full responsibility. sir.
You were fooling around
live on national TV.
brawling in public.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Legally. sir. what needs to be done is
to shuffle all the cards
and deal them all over again.
Shuffle and deal the cards?
No way. Ibañez.
What needs to be done
is ditch the whole batch
and start all over again!
I've already given an order to send
all of those who were responsible...
to be in exile. I don't want them here.
I gave the order to Aldana.
They'll be sent off
to Lagerenza or to the Chaco.
anywhere else but here.
let them fry in the desert.
That's okay. sir.
I don't understand how we're
going to pull this off on our own.
if you are sending
half the force to the desert.
I have full clearance. Private.
All of you are beneath me.
only the President stands above me.
We are going to build a new force.
It's time to recruit.
And I know where to start.
VIÑAS CUÉ JAIL
MILITARY PRISON
Halt! Who's there?
Where do you think you two are going?
Show some respect. don't you realize
you are talking to the new Minister
of SENAD here?
Great! Now we have some
old military geezer as Minister.
Ibañez. I'd like to introduce you
to the worst sergeant in all history.
and the best friend I've ever had.
Command Sergeant Major Fariña.
-Agent Ibañez.
-Fariña.
Nice to meet you.
you don't have to be grumpy.
Fariña is helping us with recruiting.
It doesn't matter if they're veterans.
jarheads. or from another planet.
What matters most
is that they have to be good people.
Understood. Fariña? Loyal people.
-Inmate Gorostiaga.
-Colonel.
At ease.
What is your problem with Agent Ibañez?
I don't have any issues
with Agent Ibañez. Colonel.
Though he was in charge of intel
in an embarrassing operation.
I regretfully took part of it recently.
apart from that.
I don't have any issues with Ibañez.
Yes. that operation
reflected poorly on all of us.
That's why we're here.
I'm here because I broke
Lieutenant Colonel Ortiz's face.
Are you here for the same reason?
Don't be a smart-ass. Gorostiaga.
show some respect. damn it.
Your file tells me
you're not a bad soldier.
Quite the opposite.
you graduated the academy with honors.
Instructed by the U.S. Army.
Certified by the Navy SEALs.
Studied in Brazil. Bolivia. Colombia.
It seems that your only problem
is dealing with authority.
From a soldier to another.
and with all due respect. Colonel...
When those in command can't feel shame.
one tends to lose respect for authority.
That's not the proper attitude.
And that's why we chose you.
Can I know exactly what you
chose me for. Colonel?
Do you like being screwed by those
damn narcs like they've
been doing for such a long time?
Aren't you tired of losing
over and over again?
Or is it that you only have balls
to hit a useless superior?
You don't need balls or brains for that.
It's not a matter of balls.
it is a sense of what is right.
and as long as someone disrespects
a member of my unit or myself.
I won't hesitate to retaliate. sir.
Are you insane?
I am crazier than you.
be thankful that I'm not teaching
you a lesson right now.
What's your damn problem?
You got trust issues?
Colonel. I only trust people
who speak right to my face.
like what you're doing right now.
The rest of them. I don't care.
That's precisely
the attitude I'm looking for.
You're going to work
hand in hand with Ibañez.
You'll create a new Special Ops Unit.
and you'll be in charge.
All of us will stand before God's Justice.
For it is written.
"As surely as I live. says the Lord.
every knee will bow before me.
and every tongue will confess
and give praise to God.
so then. each of us will give
an account of ourselves to God."
-The word of God.
-We praise thee. Lord.
Angelita. I want you to know
that I'll always be here for you.
And your family will always
be well taken care of.
My family is buried in the ground.
All they need is peace now.
RANCHING GROUP
ASSAD FAMILY
Let's pretend that that's the only
dirt you threw at my family.
It's not my fault they're dead.
but it is my burden they're not alive.
Don't try to fool me. Salcedo.
I know how things really are.
I don't want you to be alone.
that's not good for anyone.
I pray to the Virgin Mary.
so that she may guide you.
and you finally find the right path.
I like my coffee black with no sugar.
What a player our boss is. my friend!
The bodies of Assad
and his son are still fresh in the grave.
and the guy is already
screwing the widow there.
That's why I always say. my friend.
women are not human beings.
You have to pay attention.
You have to be really careful.
or they'll leave you and not long after.
they'll be with another guy.
I have lots of experience with women.
Here comes the boss.
Dude. you're out! Go home. buddy.
Fariña. these four guys
you brought me are useless.
I found them all in five minutes.
They're a bunch of amateurs.
Is this all you got?
No serious candidate to show me?
Four? I chose five.
Five?
There's the fifth one.
You missed that one. buddy.
Private. get up and say your name.
What's wrong. Private?
Do you even speak Spanish?
He's telling you to come out.
He understands Spanish. but it's better
to speak to him in Guaraní.
Permission to speak. sir!
Sniper Chamorro. at your command!
Very well. Chamorro.
Private. introduce yourself.
Sergeant Ayala. Captain. sir.
But all my comrades know me as "Shakes."
How come you shoot like that. Shakes?
Everybody asks me that. Captain. sir.
the trembling is gone the moment
I put my finger on the trigger.
So. you have a problem. soldier.
Just a nuisance. sir.
This is a good soldier. he's crazy.
but he's the best we've got.
At ease. Shakes.
This one's coming with us. Fariña.
Yes. sir.
Fariña. who's our guy here?
Russian. come here.
This one looks like he has
a few screws loose. Fariña.
Let's see. Russian. show the Captain.
Trust me. Captain.
we're going to need this one.
Amazing. blondie!
May I go on. Sergeant?
He's strong!
NATIONAL ANTI-DRUG MINISTRY
ASUNCIÓN HEADQUARTERS
-Gorostiaga.
-What?
This team of yours
doesn't look too disciplined.
These new guys
you brought here for example.
what do you know about them?
They're young. recently graduated.
and they're not corrupted.
Furthermore. they are highly recommended.
the only one I know
from way back is Espínola.
What is this?
I found something important.
I thought I'd made myself clear.
when I asked you for the transcriptions.
Three copies each.
I just wanted to save time and paper.
The data in there is very important.
Look. miss.
I get this is your first week at work.
but it's time someone explains to you
how we run things around here.
That guy over there is Ibañez.
he is our boss.
he gives me an order and I follow it.
because he is my superior.
Same thing applies to you.
When I give you an order.
you must follow it at once.
Because I outrank you.
Understood?
Sir. can I talk to you for a second?
Yes.
Did you not hear what I just told you?
I'm Agent Jara.
I've got something to inform you. sir.
Betty. am I right?
Well. Betty. I realize you're not very
used to the chain of command.
I'm sorry to tell you that here at SENAD.
everything flows
through the chain of command.
I thought we already talked about it.
Yes. sir. understood.
However. you also said
that if the information was urgent.
you'd rather get it as fast as possible.
What could be so urgent
that shouldn't go through me first?
Let's see. I translated all the words
that are different in meaning and usage.
which implies a phrase could have
several meanings simultaneously.
depending on who's talking
or to whom it is intended.
Some copies are missing here.
I found expressions
and slangs in these recordings
which. depending on their origins.
could mean something totally different.
I translated from Guaraní.
Portuguese. "Portuñol".
I wrote down
all the possible meanings. I also
-rebuilt parts of the information...
-Agent.
...that were inaudible.
-I also found something...
-Agent.
that seems to be important enough
for you to know.
Go do your job.
-It's an order.
-Juan. shut up for a second. my friend.
Betty. stop blabbering.
what's the information?
In two nights. all the phones
that we have bugged
will meet at the same place.
Everyone on the ground!
On the ground. damn it!
On the ground! Clear!
Clear!
Everything clear!
Last room!
Impressive. a very thorough work.
There should be more women
in this building.
Did they give the coordinates
of the meeting?
How many languages do you speak?
Six. seven?
I don't understand why they'd all meet.
How did you learn so many languages?
Did they talk about an informant?
Can I ask you something?
One at a time. please.
They're going to meet at Assad's Ranch.
I speak 5 languages.
but I can understand 8.
It seems to be a wedding.
I don't think it'd be the widow's.
because she's still grieving.
I had to learn. sir. or else
I would miss out on everything.
No. Ibañez.
they didn't mention an informant.
Why did you accept this job?
Actually.
I applied for a job at the UN. sir.
but they didn't call back yet.
I have to work.
my parents aren't here anymore
and I live with my sick grandpa.
I didn't have a choice.
Betty. do you know who's talking here?
Who's he talking to?
I can't figure it out
just with the voices.
It would be nice to be able to link
everything I listen to with their faces.
That's the only way I could link
all the conversations.
Can I ask you something?
What if you send someone to that wedding?
Listen to this. it's a wedding.
you have guests at weddings.
Maybe you could pose as guests.
and I could go with you.
That's the only way I'm going
to understand the recordings.
I need to see their faces
and match them to their voices.
I am certain this will work.
Betty. look. we are really proud
of your work here.
but you're talking about a job
meant for field agents.
Not for an analyst.
But it's a wedding.
people go to weddings with a date.
Isn't that right?
Would you rather go alone?
If I go as your date.
we'll save us a lot of time.
You are totally nuts. Ibañez.
No way. it's an unnecessary risk.
Of course. it's risky.
like everything else we do here.
The thing is.
we'll be able to gather so much intel.
we'll save so much time.
That's what this is all about.
There's no way I'm going to have
a civilian under my command.
she's not trained.
she's not a field agent.
I cannot be responsible
for whatever may happen out there.
I don't know why we're wasting time
arguing about this.
You don't even have a plan
to get us in. do you?
I do have a plan.
Betty figured out
who's going to perform that night.
Guess who's playing?
Dickheads!
Motherfuckers! Idiots!
I can't rehearse like that. man!
I can't do it!
Asshole. you're not on the right key!
What's wrong with you?
You. my friend.
put the sandwiches down. moron.
Come on. if we play like this live.
they're going to kill us.
Stupid idiots! I am Roberto Vallejos.
step up. you fucking morons.
There are only three fucking chords!
Come on!
I'm going to go take a break now.
and when I come back
you better play it right!
No mistakes. got it?
Got it. you idiot? Wake up. motherfucker!
What are you looking at. asshole?
Here. shove it right up your ass.
let's see if it wakes you up.
They're a bunch of retarded morons.
I'm going to kick their asses
and get myself a new band.
Roberto Vallejos. it's me
and my music. damn it.
Where did I leave my joints?
I know I had some stashed here.
Thought you were a cop.
You scared me. Want some?
Special Agent Ibañez. narcotics.
He is Captain Gorostiaga. Special Ops.
Hi.
Mr. Vallejos. big fan of yours.
-Really?
-No. not a chance.
EVERY SATURDAY PARTY
This is medicinal.
Are you going out. honey?
I told you it's only for work. Grandpa.
You're so jealous. Grandpa.
Were you like this with my mother too?
Yes. I used to scare
the hell out of your father.
Whenever he called and I picked up.
he would immediately hang up.
He was scared of me.
I don't like that you work
at nights. honey.
What are you doing lately?
The only job I know
that is done at night is...
Enough. Grandpa. you got it all wrong.
I already told you I'm going to a wedding.
I'm going with a coworker.
his cousin is getting hitched.
Things haven't really changed
that much from your time.
guys still ask girls out
to go to weddings.
Are you dating your boss?
If he's married. he'll fool you.
he'll tell you he's going
to leave his family for you.
Grandpa!
Don't get into trouble. darling.
Leave him.
Enough. Grandpa. I'm not dating
my boss or anyone else.
You also know that in case I get married.
and have a thousand kids.
you're coming to live with me.
Take care. sweetie.
Don't worry. I'll stay out of trouble.
Good evening. ladies.
Are you having a good time? Thanks. man.
Excuse me. boss. Everything okay?
Guests are arriving and I want to know
if you want any special attention
for any of them.
-You have to relax.
-Have a good time. drink some rum.
fuck a girl. I don't know.
want some blow? Whatever you want.
this is a party!
Thank you. boss.
I'll make a toast for you.
Excuse me.
I don't know why you keep this rat alive.
He's lucky he's alive. motherfucker.
Never let him know what you really think.
There's no point in killing him.
Let's just give some meaning to his life.
Where's your girl?
Only God knows.
Mom. please.
I don't want to do this. please.
I'd rather kill myself.
Kill yourself. María José?
They killed your dad. your brother.
they took everything from us.
Look at me. every time you open your legs.
I want you to think of one thing only.
Revenge.
Because it is written. María José.
blood is paid with blood.
Look. You will be able
to do it to her every day.
-Do you like her?
-What a woman. Come on. go.
I thought you backed down from this.
Like we had that chance.
You smell so good. darling.
I can't believe what you're doing to me.
I just can't. I can't believe it.
Not only is my life at risk now.
but also my reputation.
I am Roberto Vallejos. proud Argentinian.
I can't believe this.
you are nuts. completely nuts.
You can't give me any woman
to pretend she's my girlfriend.
No man. you're wrong.
Look at this place.
I can't even imagine
what kind of woman lives inside.
You screwed me. screwed me really bad.
I'm going to be in every newspaper.
Please. shut up.
Please. shut the fuck up!
-Want some?
-Yes.
What are you doing? Are you mad?
-Roberto Vallejos. in the flesh.
-Yes.
I've heard a lot about you.
Yes. I get that a lot.
Maybe because of my hit songs.
Inside
Yes. I've heard the recordings.
you're always talking to your friends.
buying drugs all the time.
That's what I told Ibañez and Gorostiaga.
"Everyone says Roberto Vallejos
smokes the best weed in the country."
I get that a lot too.
Can you take a picture of us?
Here.
Let's take a better selfie.
-Thanks.
-You're welcome.
So. you're a cumbia fan?
Cool! Betty. right?
Don't fool me. Gorostiaga.
you know my name.
You know nothing about me. though.
Hey.
try these on.
Betty. what are you doing here?
This is too dangerous.
This is an intel mission. Gorostiaga.
Intel?
You'll wear these glasses.
you look smart with them.
There's a camera in the middle.
everything you see. we see. Got that?
I'll be careful where to look.
Yes. try not to stare at me all the time.
I know I look good in this suit.
but behave yourself.
I can tell it's rented.
Take care.
Come on in.
Salcedo. my friend!
My favorite artist.
-Looking good!
-Thank you very much.
Ma'am. how are you doing?
It's my pleasure.
Roberto Vallejos. proud Argentinian.
Betty. Betty is...
-I'm his girlfriend. since not long ago.
-My girlfriend. yes.
How are you? Nice to meet you.
-We love each other.
-It's my pleasure. you are beautiful.
How are you?
Come on. man.
Are you playing for us or what?
Go there. sing and dance.
I'll take care of this beauty if you want.
-Really? But...
-There's no need. I love parties.
particularly the ones
where I don't know anybody.
one can only guess
how it's all going to end.
-My love. play one for me. okay?
-Exactly.
-Okay.
-Excuse me.
You are a lucky man.
if that woman cooks like she walks.
I'd eat her up...
That's Anibal. I recognized
him from the recordings.
I think he works at the Chaco region.
to be honest. I'm not really sure yet.
That's little Braulio.
I thought he was taller.
He and Salcedo hate each other.
The thing is. they need each other.
Tell me something. Salcedo.
now that he's married to Assad's daughter.
does that mean you own the airstrips?
It's getting fishy in here.
Little Braulio.
you can call it whatever you like.
the only thing I'm telling you
from now on.
is that your family
and mine are going to do better
business than our fathers did.
Hold on a moment. Salcedo.
I already paid Assad everything.
I have to pay you now?
Have you lost your mind?
I was thinking about a new business model.
from now on. 50% of everything
going through my airstrips is mine.
Are you nuts?
You either take that or you can land
at the Pettirossi Airport.
All of the guys you see here
are fighting each other to see
who's the new "Master of the skies".
I'm telling you. Salcedo has already won.
You know what bothers me the most?
Salcedo let us see them
like he doesn't care.
Why?
Are we that useless to him
that he doesn't care about what we know?
Nice party. right?
Very nice. sir. congratulations.
Well. thank you.
So. you work with Roberto?
Mr. Roberto is my boss. yes.
Good. wouldn't you like a change of air?
I mean. to work under me.
A very generous offer.
but I'm loyal to Mr. Vallejos.
he's good to me.
No. asshole.
I'm not talking about Vallejos.
I'm talking about Minister Fernandez.
I've got a long list
of people working for me on the inside.
they all work for me
and I give them some serious cash.
It's guaranteed.
Look. I'm going to give you a cell phone.
if you're interested in this line of work.
Again. a very generous offer.
but you got the wrong guy.
Well. you know something?
I have huge respect
for men with real courage.
unlike those other wimps.
I like people with zero bullshit.
Javier. are you coming for the pictures?
Yes. my love. whatever you say. come here.
Hug me. Like that.
See you. mustache.
One moment. please.
may I have your attention?
I'd like to say a few words.
I want to make a toast.
I see so much love here.
so much love in everyone's faces!
So. let's raise our glasses.
-Cheers!
Music. please! Come on. guys!
Our cover is blown. let's get out of here.
At that moment. we had no chance
but to abort the mission and leave.
Well. at least
we have them all identified.
which will be useful somehow.
It'll be of so much use.
Salcedo's move blew his own cover.
I didn't know we needed
their faces to match their voices.
One of them is Santana.
our informant. Minister.
but he can't be trusted.
Like Gorostiaga says.
they don't even care about
what we may or may not know.
You know why that is?
Because we never truly messed them up.
This time. we're going to destroy them.
Now that we know all their faces.
our brave Agent Betty will interpret
the remaining recordings.
and once we have
all the necessary information.
we're going to kick
Javier Salcedo's ass so hard.
even his grandchildren
won't be able to sit properly.
-Operation is a go.
-Roger that.
ARMY
AIR FORCE
Truck incoming.
Green light.
-To the floor! Hands over your head!
-Hands over your head! To the floor!
Boss. is everything okay?
Can I help you with something. boss?
You can help me
in 141 million different ways.
What's wrong?
Why are you doing this to me. boss?
What's wrong? I don't understand.
Sit down. shut up and listen.
I want to know something important.
which ones are the bugged phones?
I also want to know if they already
cracked the codes or not.
I don't know
what you're talking about. boss.
I swear I don't know.
Come on. you want me to get mad at you?
-No. boss.
-You want me pissed.
No. boss.
I already know you're a rat.
and you work for SENAD.
In fact. I've known for quite some time
that you work for SENAD.
I just wanted to see
how far you would take it.
Look. this is simple.
There's something
I still don't understand.
If you didn't know about the shipments.
how come the SENAD learned about them?
Answer me.
-Come on.
-I don't know. boss.
I don't know much. boss.
I swear I don't.
I work for them as an insider.
an informant.
But it's been a long time
since I've made contact with them.
Dante. please.
I swear I've got nothing to do with it.
I'm family...
-I'm your family!
-Shut the fuck up!
It breaks my heart. you know.
because I really liked you.
Relax.
Your life has little value to me.
Please.
You're like a lamb.
Ten thousand will fall to my left
and a thousand more to my right...
In the name of Christ...
Good morning. Mom.
How are you? Got some coffee?
Milk?
I didn't know you were home.
I didn't hear you come.
I came in late.
Is there something wrong?
Can't a man spend the night
with his wife in his own house?
Holy shit!
Shit. fuck!
Hi. beautiful.
This is unbelievable!
Are you coming home for dinner?
Don't worry.
I'm going to be out for a few days.
there's a shipment coming.
by air. you know?
They're all a bunch of idiots.
motherfuckers.
I'm going to fire their asses.
those motherfuckers.
Holy fucking shit! What?
Oh. excuse me. I didn't know it was you.
Freeze! Drop the gun!
-Hands up!
-Drop the gun!
-Hands where I can see them. damn it!
-Hands up!
-Drop the gun!
Freeze! To the floor!
-Hands where I can see them!
-Freeze. motherfucker!
-Be careful.
-Sorry.
Glue is still wet. Gorostiaga.
Cool. is it yours?
The Minister made so many.
he doesn't know where to store them.
I don't think that's why.
I think he's so grateful
with what you've been doing.
that this is his way of thanking you.
-You think so?
-Yes.
I think you are the ones
doing all the work.
We're just out there fighting.
that's the only thing we know how to do.
What you do here. the intel you give us.
without that. we're completely blind.
Thank you. Gorostiaga.
Still. I think I don't do enough.
Well. I suppose
that's what we all feel. right?
Thanks. anyway.
Are you almost done?
What? Why?
I don't know. if you're about to leave
and I'm also leaving.
I can walk you home. It's pretty late.
Don't worry. I always walk home alone...
It doesn't matter.
Yes. I realized that.
You always walk alone
and I want to go with you.
Is that okay with you?
Well. yes.
Okay.
-I'm going to go get my jacket...
-Okay.
What's up. Ibañez?
Now?
Ibañez. can't it wait until tomorrow?
First thing in the morning?
Well. okay. it's okay.
I'll be there in 15 minutes. Ibañez.
Betty...
Go ahead. don't worry about me.
I still have to wait here.
Until the glue of the model plane dries.
Just go. don't worry.
Bye.
That thing you said. that sometimes
you don't feel like doing
-enough here.
-Yes?
I don't know. it reminded me
of something my grandpa used to say.
He wasn't a religious man.
and this is the closest to a prayer
I've heard him say once. he repeated it
and it stuck with me ever since.
He used to say...
"I am a little part of the universe.
but the universe
is incomplete without me."
Good night. Betty.
What's wrong with you. sweetheart?
Are you okay?
Yes. Grandpa. you just startled me.
What is that plane. darling?
It's just something from work.
Grandpa. it's nothing.
Yes. but...
Proud Argentinian! What's up. player?
-Nice hair.
-Leave it.
Stop it. I'm not in the mood for jokes.
Well. what's going on?
I called you here because there's
someone who wants to talk to you.
Who is it?
I don't like it. Ibañez.
I don't like it at all.
Stop it. keep that. chump.
hide it!
You think I'd call you here
to get you killed?
You're out of your mind. I work here.
We can expect anything
from someone like you.
-Well. not here. Stop.
-Okay. let's go.
They want to talk to him alone.
If anything happens to my partner.
it's on you.
You know why my husband and son are dead?
Mrs. Assad. what are you doing here?
My husband and son are dead
because they messed
with those motherfuckers.
So. why did you call us?
My husband believed those people
were capable of anything
as long as they used our airstrips.
and you know what? He was wrong.
Now my son is dead.
Look. ma'am.
I'm really sorry for your loss.
There's a shipment coming.
a very important shipment.
and they're going to land it
on one of my airstrips.
Am I supposed to believe you?
Dante is your son-in-law.
-What a relative. right?
-Yes. right.
It's okay. don't believe me.
go do your job. okay?
Of course. leave that to me.
A toast. gentlemen. for the new SENAD.
-For the new SENAD.
-New SENAD.
Fariña. how many were they?
At the warehouse.
there were roughly eight of them.
-How many were you?
-Five.
Let me explain something to you.
when you catch a narc red-handed.
they shit their pants.
Nobody wants to die. not even us.
I'm not making this up.
What do you say. Betty?
I don't know. Gorostiaga. I believe
that death smiles upon us every day.
and the least we can do
is smile back.
What are you talking about?
You tell me. It was written
on your Facebook timeline.
Your thoughts run deep. Gorostiaga.
-Hello.
A toast. to Minister Fernandez.
Fariña. what does this mean?
Drinking at work?
Don't do that. my friend.
I've known the Minister for 20 years.
he's a party pooper.
I don't like celebrating prematurely.
There's still a long way to go.
there's no time for parties.
Sit down.
Minister. Gorostiaga and I got intel
about an important shipment
which would be arriving by air
between tomorrow and October 24th.
Do we know where it'll land?
According to our informant.
it'll be on one of Assad's airstrips.
We know there are ten of them.
they all belong to Assad.
well. to the widow now.
These three are flooded.
so they're ruled out.
so. only these are left.
Vakareta. Laguna Tuerta.
Old John. Villa Emilia. Toro Rey.
Kuarahy and Poncho Azul.
The thing is. the airstrips are
several kilometers away from each other.
The only way to get to them and really
keep an eye on them is going deep
into the woods. right here.
Besides. we have to consider
that pilots. when they land.
they keep the engine running.
Sometimes they turn them off. but anyway.
they load and unload
in a matter of minutes.
If we don't know their landing time
and place exactly.
it'll be impossible for us to catch them.
Unless those codes are cracked.
We're still on it.
they've changed their phones. Gorostiaga.
but we're working day and night on it.
Betty and the guys are going
to tap all of their phones.
Yes. sir. it's just a matter of time.
I hope so. because we're blind right now.
and whatever is happening.
it's happening right now.
Look. Gorostiaga. what I do
is not as simple and basic
as picking up a gun.
aim and fire.
Not even the pilot knows
where he's going to land.
he gets a message.
only a few minutes in advance.
and it's always encrypted.
Here. we cross-reference all the messages.
the key is always changing.
they never say the same things twice.
Meaning?
We won't be able to intercept
that shipment on time.
There are seven airstrips. why don't
we try to eliminate as many as we can?
How's that possible?
These here are
in the middle of plantations.
That's true. there are at least 400 acres
of marijuana plantations there. Minister.
Exactly. what if we go there
and set them on fire?
Between the smoke
and our presence in the area.
those three airstrips will be disabled.
So we have only Vakareta.
Laguna Tuerta. Poncho Azul
and Old John left.
They're reduced to four.
this is deep into the woods.
I can go here with my unit.
and wait for instructions.
Betty is going to crack those codes.
and you'll get your instructions then.
Gorostiaga.
Is that so. Betty?
Of course. Minister.
What's wrong. Espínola?
-Come on in.
-Espínola. what's going on?
- They sent you this. Minister.
- What is that?
-Son of a bitch!
-Holy shit!
Fariña. light up those fields immediately!
Gorostiaga.
get ready to mobilize your troops.
Yes. sir.
And you. Ibañez.
get me that airstrip's name.
Yes. sir.
TRANSFERRED
RED ZONE
It's hot as hell here at night!
It seems like the first night
is always the toughest.
No. Shakes. all nights are the same here.
-Shit. Russian. buddy!
-Russian.
-What's up?
-I'm hungry.
Russian. you're lucky I brought this.
to give some taste
to what you're cooking there.
Here. Russian.
Not like that. you idiot.
You have to put it there.
Do you smell that?
It's like a public restroom.
-Holy shit. Chamorro!
-You smell bad. damn it!
What's going on in Vakareta. Chamorro?
Only golden rain. Captain.
What are you smelling?
Damn it!
-Russian. do the Little Feet.
-What?
Little Feet.
Don't you know what Little Feet is?
Come on. I'll show you.
Watch.
Russian. look at me.
Put your hands like this.
I put my foot there.
you lift me. I go up here.
Little Feet.
Isn't it more like "lifts"?
Come on.
Holy shit. Russian!
What the fuck did you do?
You got me backwards?
You're doing it wrong. my friend.
-Russian.
-To hell with you. I'm leaving!
Command. base here. Do you copy?
Base. command here. Roger.
Everything's quiet here.
standing by for intel.
And very grateful for all the work
you're doing out there. Over.
Roger. No news around here.
but very grateful for your work
as well. soldier.
Over and out.
It is them. right?
Are they all right?
They're fine. go home.
we'll finish this tomorrow. okay?
They're over there. the least
we can do is be here for them.
Holy shit. Gorostiaga. my friend!
They say ugly men are the luckiest.
Chamorro. where are you from?
- I'm from Pilar. Captain.
- Really?
Where the most beautiful
Paraguayans are born.
You were born
in the wrong town then. Chamorro.
Yes. sure. handsome.
Don't pay any attention to him.
Tell me. You learned
to hide there? In Pilar?
I'm just going to tell you. Captain.
let's pretend the coast is clear.
My grandpa once told me the story
of the Chaco War. he was head
of a scouting patrol on the front.
he was a wise man.
He knows how to hide.
He killed tigers. wild boars.
he was good at tracking scents.
So. that's how he taught me
how to hunt a tiger.
How to hunt a tiger?
Yes. Captain.
He would drench his clothes in cow's piss.
because a tiger just wants
to eat whatever meat they can find.
"Tigers are cunning. son."
he used to tell me.
because they can smell anything
from far. far away
and with that scent
they know what's on their way.
Tigers can tell if it's a person
or a cockroach.
To kill it.
you have to climb up a tall tree.
and you wait for it. watch its movements.
And when it gets closer.
and closer still...
that's when you put a bullet
between its eyes.
Bye. tiger.
That's why nobody is able
to track me easily. Captain.
So. you're hunter and prey
at the same time.
That's right. Captain.
Golden rain runs in the family. then.
Son of a bitch. Shakes.
-Captain...
-Ration that.
When is the wedding?
What wedding? Whose?
Mine?
No. soldier. that's not my thing.
Not even with the brave one. Captain?
The one that likes to solve puzzles?
I don't know what you're talking about.
You might as well be speaking in Japanese.
It's obvious that she likes you.
It's too obvious.
You know what. Captain?
Her eyes are all heart-shaped.
like the WhatsApp emoji.
Really?
-Told you. you owe me 100 bucks.
-No. you idiot.
Sons of bitches. you two!
What about you. Russian?
Do you have a girlfriend?
No. Captain.
No? Do you live with your family?
I live alone.
What about your parents?
They died when I was a kid.
Mine too. Private.
How did you end up in Special Ops?
Thanks to Sergeant Major Fariña.
He was my mom's best friend.
he adopted me after the accident.
that's how I got here.
Fariña is a great man.
Captain.
seriously.
I think Betty likes your skin.
You're a bunch of idiots!
Well. I'll take first guard.
Get some rest.
Tomorrow's going to be a long day.
-Good night.
Russian!
Cow piss to hunt a tiger.
and human piss to hunt other things.
Base. Gorostiaga. testing comms.
Roger.
Good night. guys.
Dude. spare some change?
Jackass.
What's wrong. buddy?
Are those birds distracting you?
Stop joking. dude.
You know how it is out here.
The quieter the woods seems.
the more dangerous it can become.
Easy. buddy.
we're going to take care of this.
Leave everything. Go to your homes.
Go to your families.
Rest assured you have
my support and consideration.
I'll be here...
to carry on with the operation.
You're not guilty of his murder.
If I'm not guilty.
then who is?
He was at the academy
and I went searching for him.
He had fulfilled his duty.
he was already resting.
I went there.
You gave Ricardo his life back.
he was a soldier.
he needed to live like a soldier.
you gave him an opportunity.
he chose to follow you. my love.
What's the point? He's dead now.
He would never hold anything
against you. Ramón.
Those motherfucking narcs
are changing all the rules.
I'm afraid. Elvira.
if something happens to you. I will die.
Do you think I would leave your side
after all these years?
Never. my love!
Why don't you go to sleep. sweetheart?
I can't. Grandpa. I have to work.
There's a lot of people depending on this.
Are you assembling
a Brazilian soccer team. honey?
What are you talking about. Grandpa?
I can tell from the list you're making.
I'm talking about this.
Balú. he played right fullback
for Cruzeiro for a long time.
he was a good player.
Then Adilio. Adilio was a great player
he was skilled. but nobody knows him.
because he was shadowed by Zico.
Tostao. he was center forward.
These two are goalkeepers.
Zeti and Gilmar.
These are midfielders. these three.
Five defenders. these were defenders.
Cafú was a great right fullback.
Why didn't you tell me
you were interested in soccer?
Minister. good morning.
-Good morning.
Good morning. Minister.
We're all here. sir.
Betty is missing.
Not just Betty. Minister.
We've lost contact with the whole squad.
Gorostiaga made a SATCOM call.
but it stopped out of nowhere.
They're off the grid. sir.
It's done. the names are the key!
My grandpa helped me.
The key is soccer.
they're all Brazilian soccer players.
Look. Balú. Alemao. Aldair.
-the key is here.
-Can you repeat those names?
Yes. Balú. Aldair. Alemao.
then Mazinho...
In that case. it has to follow a pattern.
the order of the airstrips with some
typical soccer formation.
It can be 4-4-2. this is a typical 4-3-3.
if you look here.
This is right fullback.
this is left fullback.
the defense line. two center-backs here.
Midfielders. right midfielder.
left midfielder.
and this is center forward.
So. what we have to do is pay attention
to the name of some soccer player
in any of these positions.
That's right.
Perfect. good job. agents.
How do we get this info
to Gorostiaga and his squad?
What? Why? What happened?
They're isolated in the middle
of nowhere with no comms.
Someone has to tell them.
OPERATION PURE SMOKE
Attention. sniper. Sniper 1. sniper 2.
ready to board.
Sniper. Attention. sniper 1. sniper 2.
Moving to second position.
Sniper ready and in position.
ARMY
Stay put. let them pass!
They're just going to their farms.
Easy. these people help us
at the plantations.
Stay calm. Shakes. my friend.
It's me. Ibañez.
Are you lost?
Holy shit! Luckily. I found you. damn it.
Somebody has to tell him.
I think it's better if we tell him.
Shakes and I as his partners.
Fariña was a jaguar.
these motherfuckers made a mistake.
It means a lot that you came here
to tell us. Ibañez.
and thanks for the intel too.
It's my job.
we have to thank Betty for the intel.
You both did a great job then.
Is there a confirmation
on Dante being the murderer?
-Yes.
Dante is the one
who used to patrol the fields.
The same one.
Well. this is the plan then.
Tomorrow. when we get
the green light on the airstrip.
we're going to go there.
I'll place Shakes 200 meters from there.
and we'll kill all those sons of bitches.
without leaving a trace.
Then we'll go home.
That's the plan. Ibañez.
If we're going to do that.
we better get ourselves a good lawyer.
because we're all going to jail
for homicide.
FORMATION 4-3-3
Djalma S.
Check it. Djalma S.
Djalma Santos. he played for Palmeiras.
he was a right fullback.
but also a center fullback. Shit!
At that time.
fullbacks didn't play
as aggressively as they do now.
If the code is correct.
it must be right fullback. for sure.
Vakareta.
Well. deliver the info safely and quickly.
come on. there's no time to waste.
Betty!
Djalma S.. I repeat. Djalma S.
Do you copy? Base here.
Roger that. Vakareta. Over and out.
Captain! We have a go. It's Vakareta.
Wake everybody up!
Ibañez! Everybody up! Now!
Come on. Ibañez.
VAKARETA TRACK
Hello. Mr. Dante.
Are you using the airstrip today?
That's none of your business.
get back inside your shack.
-Go away. get out!
-Come on! Get out!
Fucking peasant.
Attention. everybody. pay attention.
Shipment is arriving.
Three trucks on the field.
five to six armed men.
carrying both long and short weapons.
Shakes. give Ibañez your M4.
This is the field.
We're here.
First truck is here.
Trucks two and three here.
This is the shack.
Russian. Chamorro.
step in from here
and secure car number one.
Ibañez. you come with me.
we're going around the shack.
we secure cars two and three.
Shakes. you secure
the perimeter from here.
-Ready?
-Ready.
-Jaguar?
-Jaguar!
-The fist. Ibañez.
-Fuck you. Shakes!
-Jaguar!
Go! The plane has arrived!
Front!
Faster. damn it!
Faster!
Come on! Damn it!
-Are you ready?
-Ready.
-Freeze. narcotics!
-Freeze!
-Stay down! Shit!
-Don't move!
-Stay down. motherfuckers!
-I said. down!
-Put that down!
-Motherfucker.
-Drop your weapons!
-Freeze! Don't move!
-Stay down. motherfuckers!
-Down! Don't move! Drop the weapon.
Come on. damn it!
-Stop! Freeze!
-Stay down!
Look at me!
Remember me? Do you remember me?
Son of a bitch. loyal rat.
The same one.
The man you killed days ago.
with two shots in the back.
you remember him. right?
Fariña. that asshole is already in hell.
You know who that asshole was?
He was my friend.
my friend. Sergeant Major Fariña!
Come on. kill me. damn it!
You're the same piece of shit as I am.
Come on! Pull the trigger!
The same piece of shit!
You have no balls. motherfucker.
No balls! You're useless!
You know what? You're right.
I'm a piece of shit.
-But I've got balls!
-But we're not the same.
Black with no sugar.
What does your lap dog want?
Household things. Javier. don't worry.
Hello...
How?
Where the hell is Dante?
What?
No. I'm going there.
What's wrong?
What's wrong. Javier?
Now all the clowns are here.
Aren't you supposed to be at
Pettirossi Airport sucking a cop's dick?
Gentlemen. from now on. I'm in charge
of all things related to the airstrips.
Got it?
Fine by me. ma'am.
My respect.
Attention. Dragon.
We request air security immediately.
Situation in the operations zone.
One injured.
I repeat. one injured.
We have one injured.
I request confirmation of arrival
one minute before getting to
the operations zone. Over.
This is Dragon. Roger. We are on the way.
EVIDENCE
AIR FORCE
DRUG GANG FALLS
SEVERE BLOW TO DRUG TRAFFICKING BY SENAD
-Congratulations. guys.
-Thank you. Minister.
I'm so sorry for Russian.
It's hard to believe Fariña
is not here with us anymore.
No. Gorostiaga.
us crazies and dreamers are always here.
wherever we are.
Blondie. my grandpa
runs faster than you. my friend.
Russian. Little Feet.
When I get out of here.
I'll give you Fists.
Gorostiaga...
Betty. what are you doing here?
This is dangerous...
Minister. can I take a picture. please?
Over here. with the team.
-Picture. come on.
-No. no pictures.
Come on. Russian. stop whining.
Wait. wait for us!
-Way to go. Russian. One for the camera.
-Wait.
Stop right there.
they want to talk to him alone.
If anything happens to my partner.
it's on you.
If you're waiting on some kind of gag.
it's not going to happen.
DECLARED OF INTEREST BY THE NATIONAL
DEPARTMENT OF CULTURE OF PARAGUAY
DECLARED OF INTEREST BY THE CULTURE
MINISTRY OF THE NATION OF ARGENTINA